Your Shiny Application

Write a shiny application with associated supporting documentation. The documentation should be thought of as whatever a user will need to get started using your application.
Deploy the application on Rstudio's shiny server
Share the application link by pasting it into the text box below
Share your server.R and ui.R code on github
The application must include the following:

Some form of input (widget: textbox, radio button, checkbox, ...)
Some operation on the ui input in sever.R
Some reactive output displayed as a result of server calculations
You must also include enough documentation so that a novice user could use your application.
The documentation should be at the Shiny website itself. Do not post to an external link.
The Shiny application in question is entirely up to you. However, if you're having trouble coming up with ideas, you could start from the simple prediction algorithm done in class and build a new algorithm on one of the R datasets packages. Please make the package simple for the end user, so that they don't need a lot of your prerequisite knowledge to evaluate your application. You should emphasize a simple project given the short time frame.  

1. Was there enough documentation on the shiny site for a user to get started using the application?

2. Did the application run as described in the documentation?

3. Was there some form of widget input (slider, textbox, radio buttons, checkbox, ...) in either ui.R or a custom web page?

4. Did server.R perform some calculations on the input in server.R?

5. Was the server calculation displayed in the html page?

6. Was the app substantively different than the very simple applications built in the class? Note, it's OK if the app is simple and based on the one presented in class, I just don't want it to be basically a carbon copy of the examples we covered. As an example, if someone simply changed the variable names, then this would not count. However, a prediction algorithm that had a similar layout would be fine.

7. 